Correct explanation on await keyword's execution control flow (#21413)
mdn/content: files/en-us/web/javascript/reference/operators/await/index.md

### Control flow effects of await

>  When an `await` is encountered in code (either in an async function or in a module), the awaited expression is executed, and all code that follows is paused and pushed into the [microtask queue](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/EventLoop). The main thread is then freed for the next task in the event loop. This happens even if the awaited value is an already-resolved promise or not a promise. For example, consider the following code:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
When an `await` is encountered in code (either in an async function or in a module), the awaited expression is executed, while all code that depends on the expression's value is paused and pushed into the [microtask queue](/en-US/docs/Web/JavaScript/EventLoop). The main thread is then freed for the next task in the event loop. This happens even if the awaited value is an already-resolved promise or not a promise. For example, consider the following code:
```
